PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: July 6th, 2023
Last Updated: July 6th, 2023
This Privacy Policy applies to the mobile game "Cubify," developed and managed by [company name]. We recognize and respect your privacy rights and therefore, want to ensure you understand the data we collect, how we use this data and the controls you have over your information.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
a) Personal Data: We do not collect any personal data about you unless you provide it voluntarily. If you contact our customer support or communicate with us in any other way, we'll collect whatever information you volunteer.
b) Non-Personal Data: We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous data related to your gameplay. This data includes the time spent playing the game, in-game actions, your device's IP address, device type, operating system and language, and the date and time of your game activity.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
a) Improve our Services: We use the information sourced from Google Analytics to understand player behavior, troubleshoot bugs, optimize our services and improve game features based on preferences identified through the collected data.
b) Customer Support: We use your information to respond to your inquiries and provide customer support where necessary.
3. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to access our Services. If we find out that we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
4. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to access, correct, or delete your personal data. You can send a request to [company email].
5. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy.
6. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at philazzi4444@gmail.com
Your use of Cubify and any dispute arising out of such use of the mobile game is subject to this Privacy Policy, as well as our Terms of Service. By using Cubify, you consent to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Service.
